Adds Link and Hover Styles (#542)
la-ots/pelican: docs/whats-new/index.md

We’re continually improving Pelican. The following changes are listed by the date we completed each change.

> ## 2.0.1 – 27 November 2023
> 
> - Links in tables get underlines, and double underlines on hover, by default for accessibility.
> - Sidebar button gets a hover state border change

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 2.0.2 – 28 November 2023

- Links in tables get underlines, and double underlines on hover, by default for accessibility.
- Sidebar button gets a hover state border change
- Removes text selection styles and variables

## 2.0.1 - 23 October 2023

- Added additional theming variables
```
